in this video we will continue to talk
of the creation of roofs within
revit in particular say of another
typology for the creation of roofs
in the previous video we saw
in fact, how to create the roofs with this one
then the perimeter type of roof
then drawing the perimeter precisely
of a roof and then defining them we say
flaps and inclinations
in this video we will instead see the saying
from exclusion that another typology
precisely because the network roofs in this
case while we first have
excluding a perimeter that we have
drawn by the plant
so we practically drew
this perimeter and then we extruded it
this time the extrusion will take place a
installation but in prospectus then
we delete this roof and position us
in the statement that we can say most can
so in this case we can serve
use the south elevation or the
north elevation
ok so we click inside
this token we say of the del
prospectus we find ourselves in
south elevation
let's check that our view is
cropped ok is not cropped ea
this point we draw the. directly
our wall in profile what
means that we must point to this
case no longer to mark the perimeter of the
wall but just like we see the wall of
profile so let's create a
floor
but sorry said he said from extrusion
and when he asks us for a plan of
work
let's say we can select
just select a plan or
select a line and use the plan of
work on those this was designed
but actually in this specific
breaker
we should use this option
then select a plan
ok and when he asks us to
select a plan we make so of
select a plan that we succeed in
see frontally then in this
in case I can use this side of the
pillar or here I can move a
little within this design e
try to find in any
let's say any face of a
element that however is oriented in the
right way then for example too
this wall could be used
but let's use this face
precisely the pillar ok attention